What’s been done:
We have implemented a basic UI where you can interact with calendars from the command line following a very specific format. 
The UI takes in flags such as add and delete where it can add events to a calendar or delete them. It also has print functionality so
that you can view the calendar that you want. 

See tests.txt for some quick tests

To run these tests, the commands you’d need are the following:
cabal run calendar-project -- --add '<EVENT>'


cabal run calendar-project -- --delete 3

We implemented some basic conflict detecting logic where two events can conflict if they occur on the same date and their time intervals 
overlap (using half-open intervals so an event ending exactly when another begins is allowed). It will refrain from adding to the calendar 
if events do conflict. 

We also implemented invariants/validation functions that check if inputted dates, times, intervals make sense, that  reminders are 
nonnegative, recurrence makes sense, and insists on a nonempty title.

What we plan on to complete by the end of the project: We want to make a more flexible UI. Maybe where we do not need to follow 
specific event syntax to input something into the calendar. Maybe where you can just give it the fields you want and it will just 
create the event for you. I want to add more delete functionality. The delete functionality should be able to delete given an ID, 
a time, or a title. That way we have more ways to delete something that we do not want. 

Our event type doesn’t yet have the implemented logic that expands recurring events into concrete occurrences across dates, so they 
don’t appear multiple times in rendered views and are not included in conflict detection beyond the single stored data in the base Event. 
We will later implement filtered calendar views too. The calendar support chronological order, but it doesn’t support command-line options 
to show only a specific day, week or filter by fields just yet, we plan on working on that as well.

For persistence and export, we gave a basic on-disk storage system by saving the calendar to <DIR>/calendar.txt using show and reloading 
it using readMaybe, but we’re still working on building a more structured database/log of past events or forms of history/ version tracking. 
We’re considering implementing a JSON export/import system as well.

The Hard features we’re focusing on have not been implemented yet, but we plan on trying to build constraint-based scheduling to fit 
flexible tasks into available time slots and a rescheduling recommendation generator. We look forward to presenting those in the future.
